extract storybook url from json file (#515)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/troubleshooting/faq/get-published-storybook-url-via-ci.mdx

---
layout: "../../../layouts/FAQLayout.astro"
sidebar: { hide: true }
title: How do I get the published Storybook output URL through the CI pipeline?
section: ci
---

# How do I get the published Storybook output URL through the CI pipeline?

1. Add the `--diagnostics` flag to your Chromatic command/script to generate the `chromatic-diagnostics.json` file.

> 2. Store the diagnostics file in a **CI artifacts**, which should let you reference the JSON output and obtain the URL and other outputs needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Store the diagnostics file as a **CI artifact**, which should let you reference the JSON output and obtain the URL and other outputs needed.
```
